SetSpecial
BlockPeacetime
BlockTeamSelection
BlockFullMapPreview
BigDesc
"Sire, a great army like never seen before in all of the land approaches us! Our ally to the north sent two scouts on his dying wish to warn us about this demon and to die fighting on our side! One of them wishes to give us some information on our approaching enemy!" (The scout comes in, catches his breath, and then begins to speak.) "Great One, don't let their initial small numbers deceive you because that's how they have managed to vanquish us and all of those in their path before us. They send a small number of troops at the beginning to build your confidence and then release the majority of their troops late in the fight at the point when you are hoping that that is all of the troops they have. We, like you, had too few troops to face them. I didn't see exactly how many survived the fight with us, but I estimate that their numbers still approach ten thousand! Their militia shall be here in a few minutes." "But we cannot recruit even a tenth of that in time", the head of your recruitment team interjects. The scout replies, "My lord, you all must FIND a way to survive, because all of your kingdom's lives and your ally’s kingdom’s lives are at stake if you don’t stop them." (One of your axemen speaks.) "Sire, you are aware as I that there is a series of mountain ranges surrounding our location. Best of all, there is a large mountain range in the distance behind us that completely seals off any point of entry." (The scout of your ally now begins to speak with passion in response to the axeman’s.) "This of course will give us a chance, but this alone will not ensure our survival. The enemy surely will try to attack us from any direction they can, especially later, once more of their troops arrive. I know that placing your troop front lines on uneven ground seems to cause the enemy troops to trip: it is rumored that their only beverage is wine; and thus, although they are large in numbers, most of them are very predictable and are not fully sober. Surely the majority of them are hired mercenaries, as no one kingdom can have both noble knight and barbarian fighting side by side. Our main downfall was being unprepared to fight their uncommon numbers at the end of the battle." (One of your scouts runs in.) "Sire, we can see militia coming from the north! They shall be here very soon. We must prepare for battle!" "No, we must prepare for war", your ally's scout comments.||Thanks CMowla for testing the map and making the storyline. Andreus for some features.|Map by Skypper.