Features:
 +	MP game speed up slider (1x,2x, 3x)
 +	Coop maps handled better in lobby (AI players hidden and automatic, AI map areas not revealed)
	Host can set password for lobby
	Lobby name/description by host (shown in room info and inside the room as 1st message)
	Kick/ban/whisper dropdown when clicking on player flag
	Army graph starts 5 minutes before peacetime (or before first variation?)


Finishing up:
	Finish AI stuff (defending and attacking prototype?)
	Decide which script commands will be implemented for this release and implement them
	Finish new MapEd features (add ADD_WARE_TO_LAST)
	Ask RC testers to make map from scratch in MapEd
	Example maps that show what can be done with new scripts
	Message log


Known issues to fix:
	Selecting a save in the lobby causes a crash
	Campaign/tutorials show warnings about showing messages with goals being depreciated
	ALL MP maps will need SET_USER_PLAYER set for them, since when maps were made with Lewin's editor all locations are AI except the first one
	MP maps are still using auto generated goals. Do we keep it like that? It means scripting can't do custom victory/defeat conditions...


After first RC:
	Magic water in MapEd?
	Add missing texts from MapEd to LIBX (maybe ignore some stuff in temporary interfaces that will be improved next release?)
	Send text off to be translated (do this late in the RC testing so translators don't get 3 separate requests for each RC with changed text)


Balance/exploits:
 +	Increased market loss ratio to 2.2
 +	Tested: 4 farms (with unsown fields) + 2 stables beats 6 woodcutters (with 5 grown trees each) + 1 market in horse production by 16% (20 mins), 30% (30 mins), 45% (40 mins), 77% (60 mins)
	Stop builders emptying towers (builders refuse to walk into range of a tower or player blocked from building there?)


Undecided:
	Pawel's flower
	Snow wolf
	Increase player limit to 10?
	Swap players/resources in graphs? (so you compare "who made the most wood?" rather than "did Lewin make more stone than wood?")
	File transfers


Maps:
	Pawel's fixes for campaign missions that he emailed to us
	New coop missions and fixes to coop missions (from andreus, kirelareus, pawel?)
	Iceline (thunder)
	Final Frontier (To)
	Shark Islands (andreus and vovets1)
	To's changes to Accoss the Desert?
	Get latest version of PAKER's maps and decide whether or not to add any new ones
