
	Flaws of existing systems: Player sees that deliveries are not optimal

	1. Serfs bring "demand" and walk out with empty hands because other serf already "booked" the "offer",
	   in worse case he will just stand idling in front. 
	2. If serfs bring "demand" and take "offer" they need to cancel other serfs "booking" on the "offer", 
	   other serf will halt and stay idle en-route or even worse - go in reverse direction


	There's a new idea by Rayzel:

	Let the house know how many sefs are bringing goods to it and approximate time it will take each of them to arrive.
	Then new serfs asking for delivery could check that count and ETA versus existing resources in house (and maybe production ETA).
	Depending on that check they may or may not take the delivery.
	This way serfs won't go to a house that has already "booked" output and serfs that bring "demand" are safe to take "offer" immediately.
	Voila! - Optimized deliveries where serfs always try to take resources from the house they went into and 
	player sees no serfs aborting their walks.


	Of course there are recurring issues:
	"offer" may be already booked by some serf coming from the other end of the town, then don't take it
	But generally serfs will work more efficiently


	Lewin:

	   The biggest problem with our delivery system is that we match serfs to a delivery, not the other way around. 
	Serfs will randomly check for a new delivery and take the closest one, even though there might be a much closer 
	serf who checked too late. It would be MUCH better if the delivery queue maintained a list of idle serfs and 
	matched the closest delivery to the closest serf every time.
	   Because right now the only way to have efficient deliveries is to have too few serfs so none are idle, 
	meaning that when a serf finishes a delivery they will be assigned the next closest delivery. If you have idle 
	serfs, then deliveries are pretty much assigned at random which is really inefficient in big cities. In reality, 
	a village with an idle serf on every corner should be the most efficient because there will always be a serf 
	very close to the delivery.