	Here I suggest to write down ideas for KaM Remake after it reaches TSK replica status
	My main concern is to keep TSK spirit through it while making gameplay better


Find a way to replenish fish in seas:
- Allow Fisher to add fish to sea
- Make fish replinish by itself

Introduce "Fog of war"

Add "demolish" task for laborers - so they could remove rocks and trees out of the buildings way

Order to expell(?) resources out of the house

Serfs caring resources at mission start

Off-map reinforcements and dynamic map-size expansion

Support bigger maps (512x512)

neverending resources

Walls building (wooden and stone)

Trophies. Award player with trophies for certain actions (won TSK, won TPR, killed 10000 enemies, made 10000 wine barrels, Explored every tile, etc.)

On/Off cheat for unit (citizen) interaction

Worker "teams" to be assigned to jobs, so you can be building in two places without workers running between

Geologist unit, that would go around mountains and coalmines and discover small new deposits of resources

New house to convert Trunks into Coal

Take resources from captured enemy storehouses (or your ally's storehouse if he is defeated in multiplayer)

Capturable villages and "king of the hill" mode for multiplayer

Roadsigns objects, buildable?
They will feature some short texts on them

A food camp for feeding soldiers on big maps. You build a food camp like a warehouse but with only food. You don't need to build a road to it to build and supply it. It would be a fairly simple building so only wood would be required. It also is destroyed very easy. 

Add new house: Lookout tower
Sight range = 20+
Owner=recruit
Reveals FOW while owner is inside
Recruit warns player on enemy troops in sight. (atm there's a warning only if player already attacked)

Add new house: Fish-dryers, it will take fish in buckets and dry it up on the sun (similar to Tannery)
Add new resource - dried fish

Add new houses - 
clocktower (with working clocks showing real time and a bell), 
well (no idea),
tavern (shows gossip info on enemies),
training grounds for army (promote soldiers to veterans without combat),

church (ring the bell and your citizens/serfs hide inside while your village is being attacked, each church fits 20 units)